it seems like um as humans we put a lot
of emphasis and responsibility on what
it means to be a family and you're
supposed to do this and you have to do
that is there a real besides being just
born into a family is there a real
responsibility or obligation to a family
is there a purpose to him all of you
came forth with the intent to uplift and
those that you are spending the most
time with you have the greatest
probability of influencing them so if
you are tuned in deliberately to your
highest disk if you are vibrationally
aligned and feeling resonance with who
you really are and holding someone is
your object of attention they benefit by
that positive exposure to that pure
positive energy that's what uplifting is
you see a family for the most part is an
avenue into physical experience but it
can be so much more all of you want to
uplift we are wanting to choose these
words carefully because in a family that
doesn't understand this who feels
guarded then there is a perpetuation of
lower vibrational disks going on and
people are seeking alignment and finding
in lots of different ways every religion
is about that people reaching for that
and often finding it in churches of all
nature but most people even those like
Esther who are deliberately practicing
understanding law of attraction and
really wanting to gain control of her
vibrational offering in this environment
of contrast it's easy to get focused
upon something that doesn't allow you
that full resonance and so what the
family is first and foremost no matter
how many of you there are in your family
it's an opportunity to really practice
your frequency and see the evidence of
your grid fleshed out that's why
families do have personalities as
families Esther fields family with so
many of those who are coming to these
gatherings Jerry Nestor have said for
years it feels like the same group is
just moving from city to city to city to
city because there's a continuity about
this because so many of you are
resonating with the wholeness of who you
are and so we have a leading-edge
discussion like these that we are having
with you here today where we are
actually clarifying in New proportion
these subjects and people all over the
planet who are resonant with this
vibrational work are feeling that
understanding even though they were not
privy to the words that they heard but
next time we have that conversation they
still will be more up to speed that's
the benefit of that so we would like to
say that there is this earth family and
we're talking about all of you not just
the humans but the beasts as well and
then there is this human family you have
families of consciousness your blood
family is rarely your vibrational family
rarely rarely because you didn't come
wanting that feathered nest you came
wanting to discover your point of
attraction and wanting the thrill of
watching Law of Attraction bring your
point of attraction to you and flush it
out in fullness you see helpful yes I
just want to say I woke up this morning
and decided to come and I pre paved this
whole thing in the shower I was even in
traffic for an hour and I'm not even
surprised that I was the first one I got
called up here
Oh